# Project Gutenberg In a Box Proposal

We are Dylan DiGeronimo (ddigeron@stevens.edu), Ryan Locke (rlocke@stevens.edu), Naseem Miah (nmiah@stevens.edu), and Taleen Mitchell (tmitche2@stevens.edu), and we are extremely excited to have the chance to work with the Free Ebook Foundation to bring Project Gutenberg to more and more people around the world. The five of us posess a broad skillset, including experience with Linux systems, front and back end web development, database configuration, interface design, technical writing and documentation, and cybersecurity.

Our end goal in this project is to produce a workable demonstration of the Project Gutenberg in a Box module, running on a RaspberryPi minicomputer. This system will be able to be easily deployed as an Internet in a Box module, and upon deployment will use Ansible to automatically install and setup various components, which will come together as a whole to form the PG in a Box system. Among these components will be a web server, hosting an easy to use web application that will allow users to interact with the library system. Another will be a database system containing the full PG library, which will allow users to search the system as well as find books based on categories, including genre. Additionally, as many of our module's users will not have regular access to broadband internet, we will create a full suite of documentation to simply illustrate how to make full use of the system. Finally, as our team contains students passionate about cybersecurity, we also plan to make the security of our system a top priority, and will ensure the privacy and integrity of any user information, as well as making sure to mitigate any vulnerabilities introduced by our module.